URL: https://www.bankofamerica.com/credit-cards/products/cash-back-credit-card/
STATUS: 200

Skip to main content
Bank of America
Log in
Locations
En español

Search
Show/Hide 
Menu 
  related links
Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards Credit Card
6% cash back in the category of your choice – for the first year. Plus, a $200 online cash rewards bonus offer.

No annual fee†
Review rates and fees†
See if you prequalify
Apply Now
for Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards credit card
Card Details
Interest Rates & Fees†
Rewards
Security & Features
Apply Now
  for Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards credit card
 †Terms &
Conditions 
for Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards credit card
Card Details
6% cash back

Earn 3% cash back + 3% first-year cash back bonus in the category of your choice

Automatic 2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs

Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases

Earn 6% and 2% cash back on the first $2,500 in combined purchases each quarter in the choice category, and at grocery stores and wholesale clubs, then earn unlimited 1% thereafter. After the 3% first-year bonus offer ends, you will earn 3% and 2% cash back on these purchases up to the quarterly maximum.

$200 online cash rewards bonus offer

Online $200 cash rewards bonus after making at least $1,000 in purchases in the first 90 days of your account opening

Double your choice category cash back

Choose which category you want to earn 6% cash back in – for the first year: gas and EV charging stations; online shopping, including cable, internet, phone plans and streaming; dining; travel; drug stores and pharmacies; or home improvement and furnishings. Learn more
cash back categories

After the first year from account opening, you'll earn 3% cash back on purchases in your choice category.

To change your choice category for future purchases, you must go to Online Banking, or use the Mobile Banking app. You can change it once each calendar month, or make no change and it stays the same.

0% Intro APR Offer

0%† Intro APR for your first 15 billing cycles for purchases, and for any balance transfers made within the first 60 days of opening your account. After the intro APR offer ends, a Variable APR that's currently 17.74% to 27.74% will apply.

3%† Intro balance transfer fee for the first 60 days your account is open. After the intro balance transfer fee offer ends, the fee for all future balance transfers is 5%. Balance transfers may not be used to pay any account provided by Bank of America.

Achieve more with BofA Rewards™

Enrich your experience as a Bank of America customer with the BofA Rewards™ program—starting with a rewards bonus on every credit card purchase.

Visit BofA Rewards to learn more about eligibility and enrollment.

No annual fee†

Enjoy no annual fee while maximizing your cash back by choosing how you earn rewards

This offer may not be available elsewhere if you leave this page. You can take advantage of this offer when you apply now.
Interest Rates & Fees Summary
†
Introductory APR

0% for 15 billing cycles

Applies to purchases, and to any balance transfers made within 60 days of opening your account

Standard APR

17.74% - 27.74%

variable

Annual Fee
$0
Balance Transfer Fee

3% of each transaction intro balance transfer fee for the first 60 days your account is open.

After the intro balance transfer fee offer ends, the fee for all future balance transfers is 5%.

†Please see Terms and Conditions for rate, fee and other cost information, as well as an explanation of payment allocation. All terms may be subject to change.

Note: minimum payments are applied to lower-interest balances first. Additional payments are applied to higher-interest balances first.

†View complete list of rates and fees
Rewards
Earn Redeem

Choose which category you want to earn 6% cash back in – for the first year: gas and EV charging stations; online shopping, including cable, internet, phone plans and streaming; dining; travel; drug stores and pharmacies; or home improvement and furnishings

Automatic 2% cash back at grocery stores and wholesale clubs

Unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases

Earn 6% and 2% cash back on the first $2,500 in combined purchases each quarter in the choice category, and at grocery stores and wholesale clubs, then earn unlimited 1% thereafter. After the 3% first-year bonus offer ends, you will earn 3% and 2% cash back on these purchases up to the quarterly maximum.

There's no annual fee and your cash rewards don't expire as long as your account remains open. To change your choice category for future purchases, you must go to Online Banking, or use the Mobile Banking app. You can change it once each calendar month, or make no change and it stays the same. Learn more
Reward Categories

Achieve more with BofA Rewards™

Credit card rewards bonus: When you join BofA Rewards™, you can earn bonus rewards on the purchases you already make using eligible Bank of America® credit cards.

See how your rewards add up

Security & Features
Stay Protected
We block potential fraud if abnormal patterns are detected and let you know if we suspect fraudulent activity. Plus, you always get a $0 Liability Guarantee for fraudulent transactions. 
Footnote
[1] Learn more at the Security Center
  Opens in a new window
Balance Connect® for overdraft protection
An optional service to help prevent declined purchases, returned checks or other overdrafts when you link your eligible Bank of America® checking account to your credit card. No transfer fees. Other fees may apply. 
Footnote
[2]
Paperless Statement Option
Opt for paperless credit card statements and increase account security while reducing paper consumption.
Digital Wallet Technology
Discover more ways to pay by adding your Bank of America® credit card to your mobile device then shop in-store or in-app using Apple Pay®, Google Pay™ or Samsung Pay. Learn more
  about Digital Wallets Technology opens in a new window
Online & Mobile Banking
Access to our award-winning Online and Mobile Banking. Bank on the go from almost anywhere quickly and securely. Pay your credit card bill online, transfer funds, check available credit and more. 
Footnote
[3]
Account Alerts
Stay on top of your balances and due dates. Choose from several types of customer email or text alerts and let your phone tell you when payments are due and paid. 
Footnote
[4]
Apply Now 
for Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards credit card
See if you prequalify
You can also call 800.932.2775
Priority code: QAF2XM
Connect one on one with a credit card specialist
Schedule an appointment
$0 Liability Guarantee. The $0 Liability Guarantee covers fraudulent transactions made by others using your account. To be covered, don't share personal or account information with anyone. Claims may only be filed by the accountholder against posted and settled transactions subject to dollar limits and verification, including providing requested information supporting fraudulent use claim.
Overdraft Protection. Transfers through our Balance Connect® for overdraft protection service to your eligible Bank of America deposit account from your credit card account will be Bank Cash Advances under your Credit Card Agreement. Transfers will be subject to the terms of both your Credit Card Agreement and the account agreement(s) and disclosures governing your Bank of America deposit account. Overdraft protection transfers may not be available for up to 14 days from account opening. If you link your Bank of America deposit account to your credit card for Overdraft Protection, we will automatically transfer funds from your credit card account to cover overdrafts on your deposit account, as long as the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is sufficient and you are not in default under your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft protection transfers from a linked credit card will be made up to the amount required to cover the overdraft and any applicable transfer fee to the covered account. While there is no transfer fee when you use Balance Connect® for overdraft protection, other fees may apply. The Overdraft Protection Cash Advance will accrue interest at the APR stated in your Credit Card Agreement. Overdraft protection transfers incur interest charges from the transaction date. If the portion of credit available for cash on your credit card account is insufficient to cover the amount required by the overdraft (in the multiple of funds stated above), we may advance the funds even if it causes your credit card account to exceed your Cash Credit Line. Please see your Credit Card Agreement for additional details.
Mobile Banking. Mobile Banking requires that you download the Mobile Banking app and is only available for select mobile devices. Message and data rates may apply.
Alerts. You may elect to receive alerts via text or email. Bank of America does not charge for this service but your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply. Delivery of alerts may be affected or delayed by your mobile carrier's coverage.

Important Disclosures and Information

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as “MLPF&S” or “Merrill”) makes available certain investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly owned subsidiary of BofA Corp.

Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Bank of America
Credit Cards
Bank of America® Customized Cash Rewards Credit Card
 current page
Credit Cards
Credit Card Home
Personalized Credit Card Offers​
Check Application Status
Return to Saved Application
Respond to Mail Offer
Compare Credit Cards
Small Business Credit Cards
Credit Card Categories
Cash Back Credit Cards
Travel Rewards Credit Cards
Airline Rewards Credit Cards
Lower Interest Rate Credit Cards
Build or Rebuild Credit
Credit Cards for Students
Points Rewards Credit Cards
Credit Cards with No Annual Fee
Credit Cards with No Foreign Transaction Fees
Learn About Credit
Selecting a Credit Card
Managing Your Credit Card
Paying Down Debt
Improving Your Credit
FAQ
Manage Your Credit Card
Manage Your Credit Card Account
Online & Mobile Banking
Log Into Your Account
Protect Your Account
Get Payment & Debt Management Tips
LocationsContact UsHelp & SupportBrowse with SpecialistAccessible BankingPrivacyChildren’s PrivacySecurityOnline Banking Service AgreementAdvertising PracticesSite MapCareersShare Your FeedbackYour Privacy Choices
Connect with us

Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender

© 2026 Bank of America Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

Patent: patents.bankofamerica.com

Chat
Cookie Banner
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect data for advertising, fraud prevention, analytics, and other purposes. By using this website, you agree to the use of these tracking technologies and to the use and disclosure of data in accordance with our Privacy Notices