URL: https://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/savor/
STATUS: 200

Skip to main content
Credit Cards
Checking & Savings
Auto
Business
Commercial
Benefits & Tools
Sign In
Credit CardsCompare All CardsBuilding CreditCash BackDining & EntertainmentTravel RewardsLow Intro APRStudent Rewards
Savor Rewards from Capital One

Earn unlimited 3% cash back on food and fun, plus a $200 cash bonus12

Checking your eligibility lets you see offers in as little as 90 seconds with no credit score impact.

Check My Eligibility
Apply Now
View important rates and disclosures
Rewards terms
Credit Level: EXCELLENT
Read all 1,926 reviews
Earn $200

Earn a one-time $200 cash bonus once you spend $500 on purchases within the first 3 months from account opening2

$0 annual fee

Plus, there are no foreign transaction fees on purchases made outside of the United States.

Low intro APR

0% intro APR for 12 months on purchases and balance transfers; 18.74% - 28.74% variable APR after that; Balance transfer fee applies. See pricing and terms for details.

Earn 5% cash back

Earn unlimited 5% cash back on hotels, vacation rentals and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel.

Earn 3% cash back

Earn unlimited 3% cash back at grocery stores, on dining, entertainment and popular streaming services.1

Earn 1% cash back

Earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases and rewards don’t expire for the life of the account.

Enjoy these benefits with Savor
Enjoy access to Capital One Travel

Earn unlimited 5% cash back on hotels, vacation rentals and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel.

Learn More

Capital One Entertainment

Redeem Rewards with PayPal

Use Rewards at Amazon.com

No Foreign
Transaction Fees

You won’t pay a transaction fee when making purchases outside of the United States.

Redeem Your Way

Rewards don’t expire for the life of the account, and you can redeem cash back for any amount.

Explore Capital One credit card benefits. 3
Benefits (13)
Protection (7)
Management (7)
No Foreign Transaction Fees

You won’t pay a transaction fee when making a purchase outside of the United States.

Complimentary Concierge Service

Enjoy comprehensive, personalized assistance in dining, entertainment and travel—24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Extended Warranty

You’ll get additional warranty protection at no charge on eligible items that are purchased with your credit card.

24-hour Travel Assistance Services

If your credit card is lost or stolen, you can get an emergency replacement card and a cash advance.

Travel Accident Insurance

Get automatic insurance for a covered loss at no extra charge when you use your credit card to purchase your fare.

Instant Purchase Notifications

Stay on top of your spending by receiving a push notification each time a new purchase is approved on your account.

Capital One Shopping

Capital One Shopping is an online shopping tool that automatically applies available coupon codes to your order. Learn more about Capital One Shopping.*

Shop With Your Rewards

Now you can pay for Amazon.com purchases using your Capital One rewards. Learn more about how to use your rewards at Amazon.

Redeem Your Rewards with PayPal

Use your Capital One rewards on eligible purchases at millions of online stores. Learn more about using rewards with PayPal.

Capital One Travel

If you find a better price on an eligible flight, hotel or rental car within 24 hours of booking, we’ll match it. Plus, pay flexibly with your rewards, a card or both. Explore Capital One Travel.4

Capital One Entertainment

Enjoy access to can't-miss events while earning 8% cash back on Capital One Entertainment purchases with your Savor Card.5 Explore Capital One Entertainment.

50% off Handcrafted Beverages

Capital One cardholders enjoy 50% off all handcrafted beverages everyday at any Capital One Café nationwide. Find your Café.**

Get Hertz Five Star® Status

Get a free status upgrade, skip the counter at select locations and choose from a wider selection of rental cars.6

Benefits vary by product. See your respective Guide to Benefits for details, as terms and exclusions apply.

*Capital One Shopping is free for everyone whether or not you have a Capital One credit card.

** Cafés do not provide the same services as bank branches, but all Cafés have ATMs and Ambassadors who can help you. Visit a Café for details. Food and beverages provided by a third party provider. The 50% off handcrafted beverage discount is applicable with the use of any Capital One credit or debit card that is accepted at the Café. Limit one per person (if applicable), while supplies last. Banking products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC. © 2023 Capital One.

See All Card Benefits
Looking for a flat-rate cash back card?
Explore cards that offer 1.5% cash back on every purchase, every day.
Compare cash back cards
Frequently Asked Questions
How does Capital One determine which purchases qualify for cash back?
What counts as a grocery store?
What counts as dining?
What counts as entertainment?
What counts as streaming?
Rate and fee information
CUSTOMER REVIEWS
5 Star
78%
4 Star
13%
3 Star
5%
2 Star
2%
1 Star
3%
4.6
based on 1926 reviews
92 %
of reviewers recommend Savor Rewards

Reviews managed by Bazaarvoice — Learn more about the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy

Filter & Sort
Yes, I recommend this product
Great Customer Support
Benny44 - September 28, 2026

We feel safe with our card. Love the rewards and ease of using.

Yes, I recommend this product
My goto card
MD59 - September 27, 2026

My goto card due to cashback on dining and expenditures

Yes, I recommend this product
Good
Biscuits - September 27, 2026

I csn use it when , I need to for a quick getaway.

Yes, I recommend this product
No complaints
nptgirl - September 27, 2026

My capital one card is a great fit for me because I can use it at restaurants and get cash back.

Disappointed I got suckered into changing to Savor
Want my Silver back - September 27, 2026

I’m disappointed that I went through with changing the card from Silver to Savor. I wish I had read more carefully the fine print and thought it through more before making the change.

Yes, I recommend this product
Savor the benefits
af00 - August 29, 2026

It's a great card and allows you to save even when you spend. You get a decent percentage back on purchases with flexibility on how you use it. You get the protection of Capital One on your money and purchases. I am very happy I got this card.

Yes, I recommend this product
Great rewards but no promo rates
Promo - August 27, 2026

Love Capital One however I think they should offer more promo rates to long time customers with excellent credit.

Yes, I recommend this product
Excellent customer service
Nagrams - August 27, 2026

Capital One goes above all my expectations with their alert and notices. They protect my credit and keep me informed of any potential issues. My card is accepted everywhere I shop, stay , or travel.

Yes, I recommend this product
trustworthy
Prayforever - August 27, 2026

It's my number one card I trust for food entertainment and shopping!

Yes, I recommend this product
Savor Rewards Credit Card
TPurv - July 27, 2026

I like the fact that whatever I go to make a purchase, that I will get rewards credit applied to my card

Load 10 More Reviews
1926 matching reviews found
1

Earn unlimited 3% cash back at grocery stores (excluding superstores like Walmart® and Target®), on dining, entertainment and popular streaming services.

2

Upon approval, eligible Savor primary account holders earn a $200 cash bonus after spending $500 on purchases within the first 3 months from account opening. This one-time bonus is available by applying through this page, and may not be available if you navigate away from or close this page. Once you qualify for this bonus, we will apply it to your rewards balance within two billing cycles. Existing or previous cardmembers are not eligible for this bonus if they have received a new cardmember bonus for this product in the past 48 months.

3

Some cardholder benefits are only available to the primary cardholder and not authorized users.

4

Capital One Travel’s price match guarantee is available on eligible flight, hotel and rental car purchases made through Capital One Travel if you find a qualifying, cheaper itinerary elsewhere and let us know within 24 hours of booking. If applicable, Capital One will issue you a travel credit for the difference. Perks and qualifying activities vary by location and are subject to availability. Price matching before and after you book may not be available on all reservations. Terms apply. See travel.capitalone.com/terms-of-service/ for details.

5

The 8% cash back on Capital One Entertainment purchases includes tickets purchased on the Capital One Entertainment ticketing platform only, paid for with an eligible Capital One Savor card. The 8% excludes tickets purchased directly through the Capital One Hall or Capital One Arena ticketing services. Your account must be open and in good standing to earn cash back and cash back earned will post to your account within 1-2 billing cycles. Cash back earned will be reclaimed if you cancel or return an eligible purchase, and the offer is valid for consumer, non-commercial use only. Cash back rewards are subject to the terms and conditions disclosed when you opened your account and any subsequent amendments. Online account required. Please see the Capital One Entertainment ticketing platform’s Terms of Use for more information about ticketing policies and terms and conditions.

6
Eligible cardholders must enroll in the Hertz® Gold+™ Rewards status upgrade through the unique Benefits Tab link found within the Capital One website or mobile app after logging in. This offer is subject to change. Hertz Gold Terms and Rental Qualifications and Requirements apply. Click here for more benefit and eligibility information.
Credit CardsCash BackSavor
Products
Credit Cards
Checking & Savings
Auto
Business
Commercial
Capital One Shopping
CreditWise
Get to Know Us
About
Corporate Information
Newsroom
Technology
Investors
Careers + Jobs
Diversity & Inclusion
Canada
UK
On the Go
Locations & ATMs
Capital One Cafés
Capital One Travel
Mobile App
Meet Eno
Digital Tools
Legal
Privacy
Patriot Act Certification
Wolfsberg Questionnaire
Subpoena Policy
Additional Disclosures
Support
COVID-19
Help Center
Learn & Grow
Resources for Military
Accessibility Assistance
Reach @AskCapitalOne
Security
Contact Us

Footnotes

Learn more about FDIC insurance coverage.

©2026 Capital One

Privacy
AdChoices
Your California Privacy Choices
Terms & Conditions