URL: https://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/quicksilver/
STATUS: 200

Skip to main content
Credit Cards
Checking & Savings
Auto
Business
Commercial
Benefits & Tools
Sign In
Credit CardsCompare All CardsBuilding CreditCash BackDining & EntertainmentTravel RewardsLow Intro APRStudent Rewards
Quicksilver from Capital One
Earn unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase.  Plus, earn a $200 cash bonus.1

Checking your eligibility lets you see offers in as little as 90 seconds with no credit score impact.

Check My Eligibility
Apply Now
View important rates and disclosures
Rewards terms
Credit Level: EXCELLENT
Read all 6,529 reviews
Earn 1.5%

cash back on every purchase, every day, and rewards don't expire for the life of the account.

Earn $200

as a one-time cash bonus once you spend $500 within 3 months from account
opening.1

Low Intro APR

0% intro APR for 15 months on purchases and balance transfers; 18.74% - 28.74% variable APR after that; Balance transfer fee applies. See pricing and terms for details.

$0 Annual Fee

plus no foreign transaction fees on purchases made outside of the United States.

Enjoy these benefits with Quicksilver
Enjoy access to Capital One Travel

Earn unlimited 5% cash back on hotels, vacation rentals and rental cars booked through Capital One Travel.

Learn More

Redeem Rewards with PayPal

Use Rewards at Amazon.com

Capital One Entertainment

Hertz Five Star® Status

No Foreign Transaction Fees

You won't pay a transaction fee when making purchases outside of the United States.

Rewards Your Way

Rewards don't expire for the life of the account and you can redeem cash back for any amount.

Use the slider to see how much you could earn 2
$0
$10,000

Monthly spending

=

Cash back every year

Redeem your cash back for any amount.
Rewards don’t expire for the life of the account.
Redeem for Cash

We’ll send you a check or you can apply rewards as a statement credit3.

Cover Your Purchases

Apply your cash back to directly cover a recent purchase.

Get Gift Cards4

Spend your rewards on gift cards.

When you’re ready to cash in, sign in to your account or use Capital One’s mobile banking app.

Explore Capital One credit card benefits. 5
Benefits (13)
Protection (7)
Management (7)
No Foreign Transaction Fees

You won’t pay a transaction fee when making a purchase outside of the United States.

Complimentary Concierge Service

Enjoy comprehensive, personalized assistance in dining, entertainment and travel—24 hours a day, 365 days a year.

Extended Warranty

You’ll get additional warranty protection at no charge on eligible items that are purchased with your credit card.

24-hour Travel Assistance Services

If your credit card is lost or stolen, you can get an emergency replacement card and a cash advance.

Travel Accident Insurance

Get automatic insurance for a covered loss at no extra charge when you use your credit card to purchase your fare.

Instant Purchase Notifications

Stay on top of your spending by receiving a push notification each time a new purchase is approved on your account.

Capital One Shopping

Capital One Shopping is an online shopping tool that automatically applies available coupon codes to your order. Learn more about Capital One Shopping.*

Shop With Your Rewards

Now you can pay for Amazon.com purchases using your Capital One rewards. Learn more about how to use your rewards at Amazon.

Redeem Your Rewards with PayPal

Use your Capital One rewards on eligible purchases at millions of online stores. Learn more about using rewards with PayPal.

Capital One Travel

If you find a better price on an eligible flight, hotel or rental car within 24 hours of booking, we’ll match it. Plus, pay flexibly with your rewards, a card or both. Explore Capital One Travel.6

Capital One Entertainment

Enjoy 5% cash back on Capital One Entertainment purchases and access can’t-miss events across music, sports, theater and dining with exclusive pre-sales, tickets, suite experiences and more.7 Explore Capital One Entertainment.

50% off Handcrafted Beverages

Capital One cardholders enjoy 50% off all handcrafted beverages everyday at any Capital One Café nationwide. Find your Café.**

Get Hertz Five Star® Status

Get a free status upgrade, skip the counter at select locations and choose from a wider selection of rental cars.8

Benefits vary by product. See your respective Guide to Benefits for details, as terms and exclusions apply.

*Capital One Shopping is free for everyone whether or not you have a Capital One credit card.

** Cafés do not provide the same services as bank branches, but all Cafés have ATMs and Ambassadors who can help you. Visit a Café for details. Food and beverages provided by a third party provider. The 50% off handcrafted beverage discount is applicable with the use of any Capital One credit or debit card that is accepted at the Café. Limit one per person (if applicable), while supplies last. Banking products and services offered by Capital One, N.A., Member FDIC. © 2023 Capital One.

See All Card Benefits
Want to see all of our cash rewards cards?
Compare cards by credit level, terms and rewards.
See All Cash Rewards Cards
Rate and fee information
CUSTOMER REVIEWS
5 Star
73%
4 Star
16%
3 Star
5%
2 Star
3%
1 Star
3%
4.5
based on 6529 reviews
90 %
of reviewers recommend Quicksilver Rewards

Reviews managed by Bazaarvoice — Learn more about the Bazaarvoice Authenticity Policy

Filter & Sort
Yes, I recommend this product
Cashback rewards
purple67 - 7 days ago

I like the cash back rewards. Also the option to get paper bill and be able to mail the payment in the mail.

Yes, I recommend this product
GOOD CARD TO HAVE
CE55 - 7 days ago

GOOD CARD TO HAVE BUT THE INTEREST RATES ARE SO HIGH, I PAY ON TIME AND OVER THE AMOUNT BUT THE INTEREST EATS IT UP. CALLED TO TRY TO GET MY INTEREST RATES DOWN TO NO AVAIL.

Yes, I recommend this product
Good features
Lefty 62 - September 27, 2026

My card is good for me.. love it.. ...............

Yes, I recommend this product
Whats in your Wallet
WalmartGcard - September 27, 2026

my Walmart card is my go to card for all things grocery

It used to be my favorite
LC21 - September 27, 2026

What’s the point of having no foreign transaction fees when the Discover card is not accepted in most places when I travel? When it was a VISA I used it extensively. Now I leave the card at home. Also, the Capital One shopping offers are not transparent - you never get the cash back you are supposed to, and nowhere on the site allows you to dispute... Read More

Don't Like Capital One
vik67 - August 28, 2026

I used to be a loyal Capital One customer, until they sold of my IRA account to someone else. So, I no longer do business with Capital One. I have never used this Quicksilver credit card and won't in the future.

Yes, I recommend this product
Flawless Tap
Johnny Git - August 27, 2026

This card has never failed me on a tap reader...I use it mainly for gasoline...so it's my gas card. I am paperless and communicate through my phone and email so that's nice.

Yes, I recommend this product
Great card and company
Klgjkgxhj - August 27, 2026

Cap One is a great company. It (the card) saved me from disaster when I was a volunteer missionary in Africa once.

Yes, I recommend this product
As expected
Yourmom2day - July 28, 2026

No complaints. Rarely use it because I don’t use cards very often

I would like you upgrade my quicksilver card
Michel Ange Mike44 - July 28, 2026

My capital one is a good fit for me because i like my experience with capital one

Load 10 More Reviews
6529 matching reviews found
1

This one-time bonus is available by clicking the "Apply Now" button on this page, and may not be available if you navigate away from or close this page. Existing or previous cardmembers are not eligible for this product if they have received a new cardmember bonus for this product in the past 48 months.

2

The actual amount of cash back you earn will depend on your credit limit and purchase activity.

3

Statement credits lower your account balance but cannot be used to meet any minimum payment obligations.

4

Redemption rates for these options may vary and are subject to change.

5

Some cardholder benefits are only available to the primary cardholder and not authorized users.

6

Capital One Travel’s price match guarantee is available on eligible flight, hotel and rental car purchases made through Capital One Travel if you find a qualifying, cheaper itinerary elsewhere and let us know within 24 hours of booking. If applicable, Capital One will issue you a travel credit for the difference. Perks and qualifying activities vary by location and are subject to availability. Price matching before and after you book may not be available on all reservations. Terms apply. See travel.capitalone.com/terms-of-service/ for details.

7

Eligible Quicksilver cardholders will earn 5% cash back on Capital One Entertainment purchases. Qualifying purchases include tickets purchased on the Capital One Entertainment ticketing platform only, paid for with an eligible card. Tickets purchased through the Capital One cardholder exclusive pre-sales and tickets purchased directly through the Capital One Hall or Capital One Arena ticketing services are excluded. Rewards earned will be reclaimed if you cancel or return an eligible purchase, and the offer is valid for consumer, non-commercial use only. Rewards are subject to the terms and conditions disclosed when you opened your account and any subsequent amendments. 

8
Eligible cardholders must enroll in the Hertz® Gold+™ Rewards status upgrade through the unique Benefits Tab link found within the Capital One website or mobile app after logging in. This offer is subject to change. Hertz Gold Terms and Rental Qualifications and Requirements apply. Click here for more benefit and eligibility information.
Credit CardsCash BackQuicksilver
Products
Credit Cards
Checking & Savings
Auto
Business
Commercial
Capital One Shopping
CreditWise
Get to Know Us
About
Corporate Information
Newsroom
Technology
Investors
Careers + Jobs
Diversity & Inclusion
Canada
UK
On the Go
Locations & ATMs
Capital One Cafés
Capital One Travel
Mobile App
Meet Eno
Digital Tools
Legal
Privacy
Patriot Act Certification
Wolfsberg Questionnaire
Subpoena Policy
Additional Disclosures
Support
COVID-19
Help Center
Learn & Grow
Resources for Military
Accessibility Assistance
Reach @AskCapitalOne
Security
Contact Us

Footnotes

Learn more about FDIC insurance coverage.

©2026 Capital One

Privacy
AdChoices
Your California Privacy Choices
Terms & Conditions