URL: https://www.citi.com/credit-cards/citi-double-cash-credit-card
STATUS: 200

Skip to Content
ATM / BRANCH
ESPAÑOL
Credit Cards
Banking
Lending
Investing
Wealth Management
Travel & Benefits
Open an Account
How can we help?
 Sign On 
CITI DOUBLE CASH® CARD
Great for cash back on purchases
Earn $200 cash back bonus
after spending $1,500 on purchases in the first 6 months of account opening
$0
Annual Fee1
No caps
on the amount of cash back you earn1
Apply now
This offer may not be available if you leave this page. Offers may vary and this offer may not be available in other places where the card is offered. Bonus ThankYou® Points are not available if you have received a new account bonus for a Citi Double Cash account in the past 48 months or if you converted another Citi credit card account on which you earned a new account bonus in the last 48 months into a Citi Double Cash account.
1Important Pricing & Information +
2Additional Information +
Unlimited 2% cash back on purchases
Earn unlimited 1% cash back when you buy, plus an additional 1% as you pay, on every purchase.
Low Intro APR on balance transfers for 18 months
0% Intro APR on balance transfers for 18 months from date of account opening; after that, the variable APR will be 18.49% - 28.74% based on your creditworthiness.1
Annual Fee1
$0
No Authorized User fee
Intro APR1
0%
on balance transfers for 18 months
Variable APR1
18.49% - 28.74%
on balance transfers based on your creditworthiness
Intro balance transfer fee1
3% ($5 minimum)
of each transfer, completed within first 4 months of account opening
Balance transfer fee after intro rate expires1
5% ($5 minimum)
of each transfer
Balance Transfers do not earn cash back. Intro APR does not apply to purchases. If you transfer a balance, interest will be charged on your purchases unless you pay your entire balance (including balance transfers) by the due date each month.
Here's how it works
No caps and no category enrollment

Citi Double Cash® Card has no categories to enroll in. There are also no caps on the amount of cash back you earn.

Plus, earn a total of 5% on select travel

Travel your way and make the most of your vacation with an additional 3% cash back on hotels, car rentals, and attractions booked through the Citi Travel® portal.2 This is on top of the 1% when you buy and the 1% as you pay.2

Cash back is earned in the form of ThankYou® Points

This means each billing cycle, you will earn 1 ThankYou® Point per $1 spent on purchases and an additional ThankYou® Point for every $1 paid on your purchase balance as long as there is a corresponding balance in your Purchase Tracker. Easily redeem your points for cash back as a statement credit, direct deposit or check via the Citi Mobile App or via citi.com. Or explore other ways to redeem points including for gift cards, travel and Shop with Points at Amazon.com.

Your points. Your way
Redeem as direct deposit

Redeem ThankYou® Points as a direct deposit with any checking or savings account.

Redeem as statement credit

Redeem ThankYou® Points for a statement credit in any denomination, which will be applied to your card account.

Redeem as check by mail

Redeem ThankYou® Points for a check made payable to you with minimum redemption amount of $5.

$0 liability on unauthorized charges
Extended warranty
Citi® Merchant Offers
Citi Entertainment®

Citi Entertainment® is an entertainment access program available to eligible Citi® credit card and Citibank® Debit Card customers. Citi cardmembers get special access to purchase tickets to thousands of events, including presale tickets and exclusive experiences to the year's most anticipated concerts, sporting events, arts and culture experiences.

Access FICO® Score

View your FICO® Score online anytime, without impacting your score — plus learn key factors affecting your score. It’s updated monthly and easy to find on the Citi Mobile® App and Citi® Online. Checking your score is always FREE.

Mastercard® ID Theft Protection

The ID Theft Protection program offered by Mastercard® helps reduce the worry of identity theft by monitoring the information you choose to protect and alerting you if suspicious activity is found. It takes just a few minutes to enroll for free, and as soon as you do, your monitoring begins.

Visit mastercardidps.idprotectiononline.com to learn more.

Security and protection
Card management
Convenience
Lifestyle
FAQs
What kind of card is Citi Double Cash®?
How do you redeem for rewards?
What is the APR for Citi Double Cash® Card?
Read more Citi Double Cash® Card FAQs
CITI DOUBLE CASH® CREDIT CARD
Unlimited 2% cash back on purchases
Earn 2% cash back on purchases: 1% when you buy and 1% as you pay2 with no category enrollment, caps, or annual fee.1
Apply now
You may also like
Citi Strata℠ Card
Card details
Citi® Diamond Preferred® Credit Card
Card details
Citi Simplicity® Credit Card
Card details
1Citi Double Cash® Card Pricing Details

Introductory rate of 0% for 18 months from date of account opening for balance transfers completed within 4 months of account opening. After the introductory period ends, a variable APR of 18.49% - 28.74%, based on your creditworthiness, applies to unpaid promotional balances and new balance transfers. The variable APR for purchases is 18.49% - 28.74%, based on your creditworthiness. For Citi Flex Plans subject to an APR, the variable APR is 18.49% - 28.74%, based on creditworthiness. For Citi Flex Pay Plans subject to a Plan Fee, a monthly fee of up to 1.72% will apply, based on the Citi Flex Plan duration, the APR that would otherwise apply to the Transaction, and other factors. Variable cash advance APR - 29.99%. Variable Penalty APR up to 29.99% and applies if you pay late or your payment is returned. Minimum interest charge – $0.50. Annual Fee – None. Fee for foreign purchases – 3% of the U.S. dollar amount of each purchase. Cash advance fee – either $10 or 5% of the amount of each cash advance, whichever is greater. Balance transfer fee – intro fee of 3% of each transfer ($5 minimum) completed within the first 4 months of account opening. After that, 5% of each transfer ($5 minimum).

New cardmembers only. Subject to credit approval. Additional limitations, terms and conditions apply. You will be given further information when you apply.

1Important Pricing & Information +
2Additional Information +
FIND THE RIGHT CARD FOR YOU
Explore Cards
Balance Transfer Cards (4)
Travel Cards (8)
Rewards Cards (12)
No Annual Fee Cards (19)
Cash Back Cards (3)
Retail Cards (11)