URL: https://creditcards.wellsfargo.com/active-cash-credit-card/?sub_channel=WEB&vendor_code=WF
STATUS: 200

Skip to Main Content
ATMs/Locations
Customer Service
About Us
Español
Sign on
Selected
Personal
Investing & Wealth Management
Business
Commercial Banking
Corporate & Investment Banking
Credit Cards
> Active Cash® Card
Active Cash® Credit Card

Earn a $100 cash rewards bonus

when you spend $500 in purchases in the first 3 months1
Plus, enjoy unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases.2

$0 annual fee
Important credit terms
Apply now

Best All-Purpose Cash Back Credit Card

5X winner awarded by NerdWallet (2022-2026)

Offers may differ from time to time and depend on the marketing channel. You must select Apply now to take advantage of the offer(s).
Cash rewards that are easy to earn and use

2% cash rewards2

Earn on purchases

No activation needed

Zero categories to track

Rewards don't expire

As long as your account is open

Plus, low intro APR for 12 months

0% intro APR for 12 months from account opening on purchases and qualifying balance transfers. After that your variable APR will be 18.74%, 24.74% or 28.74%. Balance transfers made within 120 days qualify for the intro rate and fee.

How Active Cash® stacks up to the competition

Wells Fargo

Active Cash®

Citi

Double Cash®

Discover

It® Cash Back

Capital One

Quicksilver®

Unlimited 2% earn on purchases2

Not available
Not available
Not available

Cash rewards don't expire while account is open

No categories to track

Not available

Redeem for purchases as little as $13

Welcome bonus

Not available

Intro APR on purchases

Not available

Intro APR on balance transfers

Important credit terms
Apply now

Chart reflects a comparison of card benefits and does not reflect promotional offers that may be presented time to time.

Third party trademarks are the property of their respective owners. References to other third party trademarks are not intended to imply endorsement or affiliation with such other trademark owners. Benefits comparison based on the products listed and the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card as of 04/28/2026. Competitor data is subject to change without notice.

How will you redeem your cash rewards?
Discover all the ways you can be rewarded, including these and more with Wells Fargo Rewards®
Pay with Rewards
Check out with PayPal, and use your cash rewards for all or part of your eligible purchases.4
Redeem for Purchases
Redeem your cash rewards toward the cost of a past, eligible purchase.3
Gift Cards
Redeem cash rewards for gift cards from over 250 merchants, including e-Gift cards as low as $10.
Redeem to Account
Redeem cash rewards as a credit to your account, including eligible Wells Fargo credit card or checking accounts.5
For additional information on redeeming your credit card cash rewards, visit wellsfargo.com/rewards
Active Cash credit card benefits and features

Added Protections

Cellular Telephone Protection
Auto Rental Collision Damage Waiver
Travel and Emergency Assistance Services
Roadside Dispatch®
Zero Liability Protection

Built-in Tools

Emergency Cash Disbursement and Card Replacement
My Wells Fargo Deals
Credit Close-Up®
Active Cash® Card Awards

NerdWallet

2022, 2023, 2024, 2025, & 2026

Best All-Purpose Cash Back Credit Card – 5X winner

©2017-2026 and ™, NerdWallet, Inc.

All Rights Reserved

Fool Money

2026 Best Overall Credit Card

FinanceBuzz

2026 Best Overall Cash Back Credit Card

WalletHub

2026 Best No Annual Fee Card

Exceptional Visa Signature® privileges

Enjoy these additional card benefits with your Wells Fargo Active Cash® card

Visa Signature® Concierge Services

Find tickets to top sports and entertainment events, book travel, make dinner reservations and more with your complimentary 24/7 Visa Signature® Concierge.14

Intercontinental Phuket Resort, Thailand

Visa Signature® Luxury Hotel Collection

Enjoy a premium collection of benefits at a selection of the world’s most intriguing and prestigious properties. Learn more about the Visa Signature Hotel Collection at VisaSignatureHotels.com15

Active Cash® Credit Card FAQs
I already have a Wells Fargo Visa Card and want to switch to the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card which will not receive a new rewards bonus offer or new introductory annual percentage rates. How can I do that?
How do I make a balance transfer on the Wells Fargo Active Cash Card?
Is there a balance transfer fee associated with the Wells Fargo Active Cash Card?
How long will a balance transfer request take to post to my Wells Fargo Active Cash Card account?
Does the Wells Fargo Active Cash Card have a foreign transaction fee?
Has the Active Cash Card won any awards?
Important credit terms
Apply now
Other things you need to know

Offers may differ from time to time and depend on the marketing channel. You must select Apply now to take advantage of the offer(s).

Refer to the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Credit Card Account Agreement and the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card Guide to Benefits to learn more.

This offer is not a guarantee of credit. Credit card is subject to credit qualification.

You may not qualify for an additional Wells Fargo-branded consumer credit card if you have opened a Wells Fargo-branded consumer credit card in the last 4 months.

You may not be eligible for introductory annual percentage rates, fees and/or rewards bonus offers if you have the card product you are applying for or opened one within the last 48 months from the date of the application – even if that account is closed and has a $0 balance.

Footnote
1. To qualify for the $100 cash rewards bonus, a total of at least $500 in net purchases (purchases minus returns/credits) must post to your account within 3 months from the date your account is opened. The bonus cash rewards will show as redeemable within 60 days after they are earned. “Purchases” that do not apply to this offer and do not earn cash rewards include: cash advances and cash equivalents of any kind (such as ATM transactions, cash advances (including overdraft protection advance), traveler’s checks, money orders, pre-paid gift cards, person-to-person money transfers, digital currencies (to the extent accepted), and wire transfers); balance transfers including the use of SUPERCHECKS; disputes, illegal actions, and violations (such as disputed or illegal purchases or purchases that violate the terms of your agreements); fees and interest of any kind (such as late fees, returned payment fees, monthly or annual fees); gambling transactions of any kind (such as bets or wagers transmitted over the internet, casino gaming chips, lottery tickets or off-track wagers). Cash advances and balance transfers may affect the credit line available for this offer. Refer to the Summary of the Wells Fargo Rewards® Program Terms and Conditions and the Wells Fargo Active Cash Visa® Card Addendum for more information about the rewards program. ←back to content
Footnote
2. 2% cash rewards are earned for every $1 spent in net purchases (purchases minus returns/credits) on the credit card account. “Purchases” that do not earn cash rewards include: cash advances and cash equivalents of any kind (such as ATM transactions, cash advances (including overdraft protection advances), traveler’s checks, money orders, pre-paid gift cards, person-to-person money transfers, digital currencies (to the extent accepted), and wire transfers), balance transfers, SUPERCHECKS; disputes, illegal actions and violations; off-track wagers, lottery tickets, or bets or wagers transmitted over the internet; fees or interest posted to a linked account, including but not limited to returned payment fees, late fees, and monthly or annual fees. Refer to the Summary of the Wells Fargo Rewards® Program Terms and Conditions and the Wells Fargo Active Cash Visa® Card Addendum for details. ←back to content
Footnote
3. Redeem for Purchases allows you to redeem your Wells Fargo Rewards online for a statement credit to your eligible Wells Fargo credit card account. To be eligible for Redeem for Purchases, transactions must be $1 or more and you must have enough rewards to redeem for the entire amount of the transaction. Statement credits are applied to your outstanding balance and you are still required to make any payment due on your account. Rewards redeemed for purchases will be deducted from your rewards account balance immediately and all rewards redemptions are final. Statement credits will post to your account in 5 – 7 business days. Redeem for Purchases is offered subject to the Wells Fargo Rewards Program Terms and Conditions and the Addendum applicable to your card. For additional details visit Wells Fargo: Rewards Terms, and select your card from the drop down. Select “+ Redeeming Rewards” and navigate to the Redeem for Purchases section. ←back to content
Footnote
4. Pay with Rewards (“PWR”) feature allows you to redeem your available Wells Fargo Rewards® (”rewards”) online through participating PWR merchants toward qualifying purchase transactions with your eligible Wells Fargo credit card (“card”) account. To be eligible for PWR feature, cardholders must first verify the PWR sharing preference setting is enabled. This preference can be set at any time by going to Pay with Rewards Preferences. When your PWR sharing preference is enabled, all cardholders who use and have access to your card, including authorized users on your card, will be able to view and redeem the rewards associated with that card through the PWR feature when the card is provided by you or your authorized users to a PWR merchant. Rewards are not earned on any portion of a transaction redeemed through the PWR feature. Transactions qualifying as eligible for PWR redemption may change at any time and without notice. Rewards redeemed through PWR will be deducted from your rewards account balance immediately and all PWR redemptions are subject to the Return/Cancelation Policy of the merchant. Refer to the Summary of the Wells Fargo Rewards® Program Terms and Conditions and the Wells Fargo Active Cash Visa® Card Addendum, the participating PWR merchant User Agreement, and the Pay with Rewards Feature Terms and Conditions for more details. ←back to content
Footnote
5. Rewards redeemed as a credit to a qualified Wells Fargo credit product are applied towards your principal balance. You must still make regularly required payments. ←back to content
Footnote
6. Cellular Telephone Protection can reimburse the eligible Wells Fargo Consumer Credit Card cardholder for damage to, theft of, or involuntary and accidental parting of a cell phone. Reimbursement is limited to the cost to repair or replace your original cell phone, less a $25 deductible with an allowable maximum of two paid claims per 12-month period. Each approved claim has a benefit limit of $600. This benefit does not cover cell phones that are lost (i.e., mysteriously disappear). Electronic failure or issues related to the software of the device are not covered. This protection is only available when cell phone bills are paid with an eligible Wells Fargo Consumer Credit Card. Coverage begins the first day of the calendar month following the payment of your first cell phone billing using your eligible Wells Fargo Consumer Credit Card and remains in effect when you continue to charge your total monthly cell phone bill to your Wells Fargo Consumer Credit Card. Eligible cell phones are the lines listed on your most recent cellular wireless service provider’s monthly billing statement for the billing cycle prior to when the incident occurred. This is supplemental coverage not otherwise covered by another insurance policy, may be applied after all other insurance is exhausted and may not be equivalent to or better than other applicable coverage. For complete coverage benefits and exclusions regarding this protection, refer to the Guide to Benefits.
Note:
Call your cellular provider (or sign on to their website) and request to set up automatic payments. Setting up automatic payments is not required to qualify for Cellular Telephone Protection; however, you need to pay your monthly cell phone bill with your eligible Wells Fargo Consumer Credit Card to get up to $600 protection. ←back to content
Footnote
7. Coverage provided by this benefit is secondary. In order for coverage to apply, you must pay for all of the cost to rent the car with your eligible Wells Fargo Active Cash® Credit Card and/or rewards program associated with your covered account. Cardholder must decline coverage from the rental company to be eligible for this benefit. Certain vehicles are not covered. A maximum benefit amount and certain restrictions and limitations apply. Please review the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card Guide to Benefits for details. ←back to content
Footnote
8. Travel and Emergency Assistance Services provide assistance and referral only. Cardholder is responsible for the cost of any actual medical, legal, transportation, cash advance, or other services or goods provided. Certain restrictions and limitations apply. Please review the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card Guide to Benefits for details. ←back to content
Footnote
9. Current fee for a standard service call will be confirmed at the time service is requested. Rates apply to vehicles up to 10,000 pounds gross vehicle weight only. Cardholders are required to pay the service provider for mileage over five miles. Emergency roadside assistance and towing may not be available in all areas. The roadside assistance and towing service provider is solely responsible for any liability associated with use of roadside dispatch services. Certain restrictions and limitations apply. Please review the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card Guide to Benefits for details. ←back to content
Footnote
10. You won’t be held responsible for promptly reported unauthorized transactions, subject to certain conditions. For more information, please review the applicable Consumer Credit Card Customer Agreement and Disclosure Statement. ←back to content
Footnote
11. Visa credit cardholders can get an emergency cash advance disbursed or a card replaced within one to three business days, in some cases, within 24 hours, after issuer approval. Any cash advance fees and interest charges that are associated with your credit card account will apply. If you need to replace your card or want help with receiving emergency cash, contact the Visa Global Customer Care Services at 1-800-708-8217 or when calling from outside the U.S. or Canada, call the Visa direct line at 1-303-967-1096 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Please review the Wells Fargo Active Cash® Card Guide to Benefits for details. ←back to content
Footnote
12. You must activate a deal and use your eligible card to make purchases directly with the merchant providing the deal by the expiration date. Purchases must satisfy all the requirements in the My Wells Fargo Deals Terms and Conditions and the Deal Terms in order to qualify for the deal. Cash back will not be earned on any portion of a purchase transaction that is paid for with store credit, gift certificates, or other payment types. If you pay using a digital wallet or through a third-party provider, or if the merchant uses a mobile or wireless card reader to process your payment, you may not have fulfilled the requirements to redeem the deal and receive the cash back. Cash-back transactions will appear in the form of an account credit on the eligible card account within 60 days of the qualifying transaction posting to your account. Account credits may be reversed if a qualifying purchase is returned or canceled. Refer to the My Wells Fargo Deals Terms and Conditions for details applicable to all eligible cards. ←back to content
Footnote
13. You must be a Wells Fargo account holder of an eligible Wells Fargo consumer account with a FICO® Score available, and enrolled in Wells Fargo Online®. Eligible Wells Fargo consumer accounts include deposit, loan, and credit accounts, but other consumer accounts may also be eligible. Contact Wells Fargo for details. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier’s coverage area. Your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply.
Please note that the score provided under this service is for educational purposes and may not be the score used by Wells Fargo to make credit decisions. Wells Fargo looks at many factors to determine your credit options; therefore, a specific FICO® Score or Wells Fargo credit rating does not guarantee a specific loan rate, approval of a loan, or an upgrade on a credit card.
Wells Fargo and Fair Isaac are not credit repair organizations as defined under federal and state law, including the Credit Repair Organizations Act. Wells Fargo and Fair Isaac don’t provide credit repair services or advice or assistance with rebuilding or improving your credit record, credit history, or credit rating. ←back to content
Footnote
14. Wells Fargo Active Cash® cardholders are responsible for the payment of any and all charges associated with any goods, services, reservations, or bookings purchased or arranged by the Visa Signature® Concierge on cardholders’ behalf. Any such purchases or arrangements are solely between the cardholder and the respective merchant, and Visa is not a party to the transaction. All goods and services are subject to availability. Refer to the Visa Concierge Terms of Service. ←back to content
Footnote
15. Some Restrictions and Limitations may apply. In cases where one of the benefits is not available at a hotel, the hotel may provide a substitute benefit of equal value. Some hotels may provide one of the benefits as a standard feature of the room being booked. In those cases, the hotel may or may not provide a substitute benefit of equal value. Resort fees that cover any of the benefits are not reimbursable. Reservations must be booked either on a Visa Luxury Hotel Collection website or through Visa Concierge for benefits to apply. Please consult the terms and conditions for each property. Please review the Guide to Benefits for details. ←back to content

FICO is a registered trademark of Fair Isaac Corporation in the United States and other countries.

PayPal and the PayPal logo are trademarks of PayPal, Inc.

The Contactless Symbol and Contactless Indicator are trademarks owned by and used with permission of EMVCo, LLC.

LRC-0926

Privacy, Cookies, Security & Legal Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Notice of Data Collection General Terms of Use Report FraudSitemap About Wells Fargo Careers Inclusion and Accessibility Home

© 1999-2026 Wells Fargo.